you're a mean one mr. Grinch here hey
everybody on this is going to be my
Christmas look or H actually how the
grinch stole christmas was kind of
Germanic and green with a cut crease and
black and a little red the bus alright I
hope you guys enjoy and I'm glad to be
back and yeah so if you guys watching
and there's a tutorial following ok
first I started by applying a ridah game
primer potion although all over my lid
it up to my brow then i use the fifth
green in the 88th color palette down in
the third row fifth green and then I
took the seventh green on a one quarter
inch low Cornell brush and I applaud
that outer corner of my eye and up into
the crease and I blended that in with a
lighter green and I blended it into the
crease and blended that all together the
next thing that I did is I took the 219
brush from Mac in black track fluid line
and I drew a line a little bit above my
regular crease to make my I appear
larger and I made a V with the black
track and then I took engraved
PowerPoint I pencil and I deep in that
line and went into the corner of my eye
and then I blended that out with my 217
the next thing I did is I took the matte
black from the 88 color palette on my
217 and I put that right over the
eyeliner and I just blended that so it
wasn't as harsh but it's still pretty
harsh then I took vanilla pigment by Mac
with a one-inch low cornell brush and I
applied that as my highlight on my brow
bone and I took Dark Soul pigment with
my 217 once again and applied that right
into my crease and blended that upwards
then I took my 270 or 219 and i blended
that even more and I made sure they
matched so they didn't look funny the
next thing I did is I took wet and wild
mega liner in black and i line my upper
lash line with that and then I just
winged it out in the corner
then I curl my eyelashes with my shoe
amaral eyelash curler and applied a
couple coats of Maybelline turbo boost
volume Express mascara on my upper and
lower lashes and then I place and fall
out and I used less your glass by Mac in
venetian and it's just a red and it just
finished this look off really nicely and
there's my christmas tree and so i
applied that and you are pretty much
done so thank you guys for watching and
i hope you have a fabulous christmas and
new years and by mr. couch you're as
cuddly as a cactus and it's charming as
an ear misty
ditch your bad banana with a greasy